The Rules for Farkle

Farkle Overview:
Farkle is played by rolling by rolling six 6 sided dice and using the
results on the dice face to score points. Players take turns rolling 
the dice, and choosing to bank scoring results until they decide to 
end their turn and score what has been banked. The game ends when one
player has reached a total score of 10,000 points or higher.

Flow of Farkle:
After deciding how many players will participate, the turn player begins 
by rolling six 6 sided dice. The player can then decide to set aside any 
scoring dice that resulted from the roll. From this point, the turn player
can decide if they want to continue rolling or bank their set aside dice
and end their turn. If they continue to roll, they roll only the dice they 
chose not to set aside. If the turn player has set aside all six dice, 
they can bank their set aside dice, or they can continue rolling by rolling 
all six dice and adding these rolls to their previous set aside dice. If at 
any point during the rolling process the player gets a result with no scoring 
dice (Known as a Farkle), the player loses all set aside and accumulated 
points and the turn passes to the next player.

Farkle Scoring:
1 - 100 points
5 - 50 points
Three 1's - 1,000 points
Three 2's - 200 points
Three 3's - 300 points
Three 4's - 400 points
Three 5's - 500 points
Three 6's - 600 points

Farkle Scoring Rules:
It is important to note that any scoring dice that require multiple dice can 
only be set aside or banked if they are all rolled on the same turn. For 
example, a player who rolls a (2-3-5-5-5-6) would be able to set aside all 
three results of 5 for 500 points, but if a player has a 5 set aside and 
rolls (1-3-4-5-5) the 5's would only be worth 50 points a piece as the three 
were not all rolled at the same time.

Winning Farkle:
Once a player meets or exceeds a total score of 10,000 points, the game enters
the final round. The remaining players each get one final turn to attempt to
exceed the highest score on the table. Once all the remaining players have had
their final turn, the player with the highest score at this point wins the game.